# April's Newsletter: The Flowers, the Flowers!_Hello people,__I hope that this finds you all well. It certainly finds me back on Portland, Dorset, as of last weekend, which is a good job as 'thangs' are heating up, now! Sorry this is a bit late._## THE WESSEX DRAMAS### A) The Dramatic PodcastsThe final episode of the first season, Desperate Remedies, has now gone up on my website (click here to get to them (https://thedailydilettante.com/storyworlds/wessex/podcasts) ), and the other platforms, including The Hardy Society's website, under "Adaptations (https://www.hardysociety.org/adaptations/desperate-remedies/) ".Our amazing editor, David Harris is blasting on with season 2: The Hand of Ethelberta and this will be released in May - August.Well done all you amazing actors/narrator, as you are sounding really profesh in these podcasts!### B) The Feature Films.We're hotting up, now, this end!Please, if anyone didn't receive their Release form, do give me a buzz (info@thedailydilettante.com (mailto:info@thedailydilettante.com) ) and I'll add you to the cast/crew group email so that you receive all of your info.We start shooting this first feature film, an anthology feature called "Hardy's Regrets", this month.The first short in this series is "The Superstitious Man", and is being shot OUTDOORS, on Portland, Dorset, on 23/24th April and then INDOORS (by the kind courtesy of The Royal manor Theatre, Portland!!) at their theatre on 30th April/1st May.HAVE you all learnt your lines, people? I'm looking forward to seeing you all very much. Oh, if you know any Dorset-based people, we still need a few Runners and featured extras: these latter for later in the early summer, so please send them my way and I'll be forever grateful!!##  THE GREENLANDS### A) The Dramatic PodcastsOur editor, Josh Bailey has done an ace job of editing the 'Specials' for The Greenlands' Chronicles.The first two of these will be going up on Podbean, itunes and my website (keep an eye on https://the-greenlands.com/stories) this month. Great job, everyone...Sorry it's been a bit of a time to release. Just had to chase a few people for forgotten lines, etc._Thanks everyone and look forward to meeting all you new actors/crew on Portland (Dorset!!), this spring/summer!__Best,__Rose_